Update docs: Switch typical-workflow from old dataframe methods to just a vector of numbers (#1909)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/getting-started/typical-workflow.rst

    :width: 60%
    :alt: Diagram representing typical data flow with OpenDP, from a raw CSV to a differentially private release. 

> We'll illustrate these steps by making a differentially private sum of a small vector of random numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll illustrate these steps by releasing a differentially private mean of a small vector of random numbers.
```

1. Identify the Unit of Privacy
-------------------------------

The first step in a differentially private analysis is to determine what you are protecting: the unit of privacy.

> In this case we'll take the unit of privacy as a single element from the vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases on the data should conceal the addition or removal of any one individual's data.
Assuming you know an individual may contribute at most one row to the data set, 
then the unit of privacy corresponds to one row contribution.
```
